whats up guys its avanti games and today
i have my new house and it is pretty
cool I'm gonna win look up a chance
happen grab the table my furnace and now
its good side holy crap
ah heck that iron golem is huge oh my
god what's up guys Mak and today we have
the little blocks combined with the
Gulliver mod and oh this is the probably
the best combination of mods ever like
they work together so well oh and the
developers don't even like make them
work together but I've managed to make
it more together so and that's how we
have today ok so it started off going to
show you the only frothing recipe for
the box mod just get out a crafting
table here you'll need here's the
materials you'll need one piece of dirt
that's it one piece of dirt and you get
a little blocks block oh and then you
can place that block like pretty much
anywhere you want you can place a little
blocks on it basic place on it and you
can make like a little house like that
ty normal house hello iron going oh you
want to go go go you want to go with do
and go yo go I'll go so that was me
getting really big
oh you're gonna owe you can do this week
so we had a little thing there was two
irony I couldn't show it on camera um
okay and so now I'm going to get into
the Gulliver mod stuff so if you're in
survival you gotta know to make the
potions you basically take a water
bottle and you put it in you do like the
regular potion thing to make an awkward
potion you put another word in and it
makes it off my potion and then you put
mushrooms in and one mushroom equals
beginning and then to mushrooms equals
in small earning and so basically these
are like just like potions you know
they're just like potions so all right
here I'm going to get a piece of
gunpowder so I can turn this other one
into a splash potion and so basically
once you make these things it's pretty
much regular poach and stuff where you
can make it longer you can make it I
think stronger I'm not really sure but
yeah so pretty much that's what it is um
it's extremely hard to give these two
mods to work together I'm surprised if
you even find out I took me forever if
you want to trial comment rate subscribe
and I'll make a tutorial so here is my
dog and I'm going to shrink him up
shrimp myself
no no no hi I'm gonna make a we make my
dog big now in sec oh yeah there was a
glitch happening earlier where it like
green really big sucked me into the
bedrock really weird happened off can't
happen on camera and another take but it
was like weird so all right I need to
wait my dog to like this you know what
I'm saying spawn another dog I don't
care whoa okay go now I need to be
really small cuz i know you guys do you
can't fit through there dude that's just
like creepy it's just like reminded me
of like smile dog to creepypasta stuff
to set that's if you look that up on
google images just don't make sure
you're sitting on the toilet jeepers mr.
doggy oh you all right so also with
deagle in Vermont I'm just gonna fly up
here I'm gonna turn myself small you can
use slimeballs to climb up walls come in
don't working like I have that stupid
effect on him
there we go all right so now you can use
slime balls to climb up walls freaking
awesome notice spider hack and you can
use paper to glide which is really cool
check this up we I'm just going to glide
on top of my house I'm going to airdrop
into my house Wow oh I missed it by one
block and so when you jump you jump
really high so to get into doorways like
this i just use a slime ball and so yeah
guys that's pretty much it so great
combination mods wait hold on I only
show you doing tonight I did this off
camera and stuff so read stoner she
works with his mom with the little box
mod which is really awesome so you can
make like super compact little red stone
contraption things like yeah I know it's
like sethbling got his hands on this mod
you would do great things great things
set things up listen to me great alright
so here's another vault I made how did
you just so happen to be right there and
so yeah pistons work with the spot to
which is really shuts don't work
crafting tables don't work don't work
but however it still does work which is
kind of that range and yeah so I think
this is great pair of mod it's so fun to
do together it's not even like it's not
even like not funny not even like
serious it's amazing love it
okay so yeah guys it's pretty much it
all right I'm tray from the monster
games and i will see you dudes later oh
it by the way I forgot a few things if
you're in creative mode you can press F
and are you are see Barry repins to get
smaller to change your size and I'm into
something here which is also pretty cool
is which is really strange is the gold
room on when you're tiny like this it's
like a perfect fit for one just like
perfect fit so and also I've heard that
clay Soldiers works good with this too